## what (if anything) has changed about what you think a data scientist is and what they do?  

One change in my understanding of data science is how much the field relies on skills beyond a traditional statistics knowledge. A good percentage of the job seems to involve a more traditional computer science knowledge as well. For example, we spent time learning about doing things such as pulling from APIs and other ways of managing large data sources. We also learned about how to code efficiently by doing things such as sending code to different cores.

## what your current thoughts are in terms of using R for data science - do you think you'll continue to use R going forward?  Why or why not?  

I continue to think that R is much more conducive to my personal style of programming than other languages that I have used such as SAS. I like the sandbox feel of language, allowing the user to create their own functions with ease and manipulate existing functions and frameworks. I also like user contributions such as new packages and the cross-platform applicabillity with things like shiny apps, GitHub, etc.

## what things are you going to do differently in practice now that you've had this course?  

One of the most major differences I have taken from this course is using RMarkdown instead of plain R documents. The notebook feature has made my code infinitely more readable. Beyond that, I have spent hours researching how to add things or edit pdf documents in normal editors like Adobe. Many of these features are significantly more streamlined through RMarkdown. I also plan on utilizing GitHub more. With so much freely available data, I would like to take the some of the information we have learned about building repos and hosting on GitHub to work on some fun projects in my spare time that I could add to a potential resume when I am searching for a job.
